- Previously on
"Vanderpump Rules"...
- Uh-oh.
- If there is water...
My top is coming off.
- Max fainted, hit a TV,
and a piece of wood.
All of his teeth are f***ed up.
- We are going to Hawaii
to celebrate
mine and Jax's birthday.
You're trying to act like
I'm a f***ing psycho
because I don't want
Kristen to go
on my f***ing birthday trip
with me?
- I just heard about
the Hawaii trip.
I just wanted to
know where I stood.
- If I say you can go,
I don't want to eat my words.
I'm telling Tom and Ariana
forgive and forget with Kristen,
so it's time to
practice what I preach.
- Your mom had
actually reached out to me.
She didn't know
if you were unhappy with Tom.
Your own family has noticed
a change in your personality.
- That really bothers me.
- I love to flirt with Jax
and I don't know how to stop.
- I just heard
you guys were, like,
whispering in each other's ears
and tickling each other's backs
and you have your arm around her
and stuff.
- That's why I was like,
"You need to stop."
- I'm going to have to
talk to her about it.
- I'm just excited
to go back to Hawaii.
- We're going
to f***ing Hawaii, Tom.
Whoo!
- Happy birthday.
- ♪ You know
that it's our time ♪
♪ These are the best days ♪
♪ Of our lives ♪
♪ Just raise
your glasses high ♪
♪ This one's
for you tonight ♪
- ♪ Brave the rise and fall ♪
♪ Go on and feel it ♪
♪ Oh, I want to feel it ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh-whoa ♪
- Whoo!
- Welcome to Hawaii, guys.
- Yay!
- This is yours, right?
- Yay, I got lei'd.
- Not only are we celebrating
Tom's birthday, Jax's birthday,
we're also kind of celebrating
me and Katie's engagement.
Katie Maloney,
you're the love of my life,
and I want to spend
the rest of my life with you.
- Of course.
No, yes, of course.
- Schwartz, when was the last
time that you got lei'd?
- It's been a while,
not going to lie.
She's got to knock the dust off
this weekend.
It's day seven
since the engagement,
and me and Katie
still haven't consummated,
but I'm still optimistic.
- Brittany.
- Did you sleep well?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, I'm so sorry.
- I just watched you--
- What'd you do?
- He grabbed her ass, he goes--
- I thought it was--
- He thought it was you.
- I'm sorry.
This is probably the most
action that Katie's gotten
since she's been engaged.
Technically, she should be
thanking me.
- Dude, I just got violated.
Ah!
- Need some help?
- Here we go.
- Guys, I don't know about you,
but I'm f***ing
so excited right now.
- We're f***ing super excited.
- Hey, shout out
to the birthday boys
for having us
and playing together.
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
- You guys remember last week
when we got engaged?
- Yeah.
- More praise! There's not
enough praise coming this way.
- Yeah!
- We're here.
- Welcome, welcome.
Welcome to The Modern Honolulu.
Hello.
- Usually, the guys
stay with the guys.
The girls stay together.
- Here are your keys.
- Thank you very much.
- Here we go.
- This trip, it's pretty much
all couples staying together,
so I think we're
actually growing up.
- I could use a drink right now.
I could use a steak right now.
- Yeah, me too.
- I could use some
you-know-what right now.
Oh, wow.
- Beautiful.
- Look at this.
Look at the pool.
- We have two balconies.
- You go on that one
and I'll go on this one.
Hey.
- It's so cute in here.
Do you love it?
- I've got these.
I like this.
- Can I see?
- Oh, wow, this is awesome.
- We can do a lot of
bad things in here.
- I can, like, spy on you.
- Ew.
Ew.
- I'm seeing one bed
and I'm seeing two people.
- We sleep together
all the time.
It's not a big deal.
- I don't want to address
the elephant in the room,
but we still haven't had
fiancé sex.
- I don't like talking about it.
- I know, it's got to be
spontaneous.
- Whoo!
- Nice.
Ah.
- f***ing Hawaii.
- This has been
the best birthday week ever.
- I know.
- I mean, I get spoiled
by my friends and my girl.
I, of course,
I wish Kristen was here, but--
- I know.
- It sucks that Kristen can't
be here all because of egos.
People can't get over things.
I just hope that
people that are here,
they just don't overstep
their boundaries.
- No fighting, no fighting.
- No fighting.
- I think the only person
you have
that would ever even come close
to would be James,
if he just gets mouthy.
- James is so
infatuated with you.
Can you not tell from today
on the airplane?
You guys were, like,
kissing the whole time.
- He loves--PDA is his thing.
- Yeah.
- He asked me to go into
the bathroom on a plane.
- No.
- I was like, Mile High Club
is not happening.
He thinks in his mind
he's getting laid on this trip.
He's not.
I'm worried about
the Brittany thing.
- Really?
- Oh, yeah.
It wasn't too long ago
that Jax and I
did some innocent flirting.
- If I wanted to take you home
and have sex with you,
I would have done it
a long time ago.
I'm worried that Brittany
knows something happened.
This may not be
the smoothest trip.
- Ah.
- Got my flat iron.
Gets up to 220 degrees Celsius.
Has a kill switch, sleep mode,
get up to 190
in less than ten seconds.
- Cool story, bro.
So my mom sent me
screenshots of, like,
the whole conversation
that her and Scheana had.
- Dude, are you
f***ing kidding me?
Your mom says, "Hey, in your
opinion is she in a good place?"
So Scheana says to your mom,
"Honestly, she's different
since being with him."
- Meaning what, exactly,
I'd like to know?
- Scheana's trying to sabotage
my relationship with Ariana,
I mean, to send text messages
to her best friend's mom
talking about how
sh** of a boyfriend I am,
is really f***ed up.
"Tom will always look out
for himself first."
- If you are worried about me,
talk to me.
Talk to Tom.
Don't talk to my f***ing mom.
- I've done so much
for f***ing Scheana and Shay.
- I know.
I would like to address it
with her.
I want to give Scheana
an opportunity
to tell me where her head
really was at
when she said
those horrible things.
My best friend
sh** all over my boyfriend
to my mom,
and now I get to spend
three days with her in Hawaii
and try to have a good time.
- Look how pretty this looks.
- Let the birthday boy
sit at the head.
- Welcome to The Modern.
Can I start some drinks for you?
- I want to do
a coconut piña colada.
- I'm gonna do a vodka soda.
- I'm good, actually, thank you.
- Max.
- What?
- How you doing, man?
You good?
- I'm good.
I can't talk that well though.
- All right, I just want--I'm
just making sure you feel okay.
Can you eat?
- Very carefully, yeah.
- Very carefully?
- Hey, wait, guys, real quick,
can I have your attention?
So, sort of set up
some activities for us to do
over the next couple days.
Tomorrow, we're doing a hike.
I'm going to be your guide.
Oh.
- f***.
- Who's in for the hike?
- I'm in.
- I can't.
It's my jaw.
- Okay, I'm going to stay behind
with Max, too, though.
- All right.
So, all right, so that's cool.
And then the day after that
we have surf lessons.
Everybody good with that?
- Yeah!
- How about we just meet up
after the hike
and we go to the beach?
- It's tough trying to be at
dinner and have a good time
because all I can think about
is Scheana sending
these f***ed up text messages.
That's a given.
- Oh, my God.
- Shut up.
- Cool!
Oh, my God!
- Yeah!
- The drinks, the food,
the hula dancers.
Now I feel legitimately like
I'm on vacation.
Life is awesome.
- Get up there, babe.
Yeah!
Shake that thing.
Look good, babe.
Yeah.
- Whoa.
Drop that stuff.
- Down low. Down low.
- That's so funny.
- All right, well, we just got
our Hawaiian cherry popped.
- It is two people's birthday,
and we are on
an awesome vacation
with a really awesome
group of people.
It's really cool
that everyone's here,
and so I kind of just wanted
to make a toast
to our two birthday guys here.
- Happy birthday.
- Yeah.
- Happy birthday, guys.
Cheers.
- So glad to be here
with all you guys.
- Cheers.
- Let's eat.
- I'm all about taking
the moral high ground here.
I mean, I decided to invite
James to come on the trip,
but I mean, the last thing
I want to do
is watch James and Lala, like,
pawing all over each other.
Like, I didn't
come here for that.
- Cheers.
- You all right, dude?
- You're quiet.
- Nothing.
Everything's fine.
Nothing.
There's nothing.
I--I--
- Just say it.
- I do wish that
some other people were here.
I feel like there are
some people that are here
that shouldn't be.
- Who's not supposed to be here?
- I'm not going to get into it.
- What the f***?
Why did you bring it up then?
You don't just say stuff like
that and then you're like,
"But I'm not going
to get into it."
- Control your lady down there.
- Excuse me?
- Careful, man.
- "Control your lady"?
- Shut up, Jax.
Don't be a dick, man.
- Brittany needs to learn
how to control her man.
And his mouth.
And his actions.
- He isn't man enough to just
go ahead and say something
and he goes and gets
half the sundae
but he doesn't want to put
the cherry on top of it.
You don't go and say
"Some people should be here
and some people shouldn't."
What are you trying to say?
Kristen should be here
and I shouldn't?
- Yeah, she should be here, yes.
James is this young little brat,
you know?
He wants to be the alpha dog.
He has to realize
that I'm the alpha dog.
- Be honest, mate.
What the f***
is your problem with me?
- There's just some people
in this world
you're not going to like,
regardless.
- No, but what is
your issue with me?
Just say one thing.
- 'Cause you're obnoxious.
- Oh, f*** off, so are you,
bruv.
- I'm obnoxious?
Are you serious?
- Can we just have fun, please,
you guys?
- All right.
I'm going to go smoke
a f***ing cigarette.
This is bollocks.
You want to come?
- Yeah.
- Let's go.
- So now what?
- Coming up...
- You guys have this
we're-better-than-everyone
attitude,
- But guess what?
Not everyone texted
f***ing Arianna's mom.
- Get over it.
- Let's go to this bar.
You guys want to go to a bar
or something?
- Are we all going to go
to the bar?
- What the f*** was that about?
I was enjoying myself
one second.
The next second it, like,
turns into a bunch of bulls***.
He's very jealous
of the fact that
I've got a lot happening
with me right now.
37 and he's still f***ing
slinging drinks left and right.
I don't respect the guy.
He's like a f***ing fly
in my face.
- Ooh, it's cold in here.
- Hey, guys.
- Hi.
- Why don't you sit down?
- Is this, like, a split party?
- What's up, guys?
- Can this guy just leave me
alone for two f***ing minutes?
f***ing obsessive prick.
- Listen, James,
I don't like you.
- I know that, so--
- You don't care for me.
I don't know how
I put this politely.
Let's just be kosher
when we're in the same room
and let bygones be bygones.
- All right.
I'm not going to initiate
anything with Jax
because it's just
a waste of my time.
But, you know, if he disrespects
me again, I'll get in his face.
All right, can we
change the subject now?
- So you guys are
going on the hike tomorrow.
We're going to do gym and pool
and just have a little us-time.
- Yeah, I'm just curious.
Arianna told me
that her mom hit you up.
She was concerned about her
or something.
- It wasn't anything that
she needed to be concerned over.
That's why I never
brought it up.
- I made her send me screenshots
of your entire conversation.
- "He's very good at
convincing her of what he wants.
"She just goes along with it.
"I just think her attitude
has changed
since they've been together."
- I do think it has, absolutely.
- In what way?
- You're just not the same
as you were a few years ago.
Arianna, you're so negative.
You're so negative.
- Good.
- That's a good thing?
- I don't give a f***.
My point is that you said some
really mean things about Tom
that I thought were
really messed up.
- "Always looks out
for himself first."
- You do.
- Are you kidding me?
Like, what kind of friend
have I been to you in the past,
like, couple years?
- And I have never been here
for you? Never.
You didn't come
and move in with us
when you and Kristen broke up.
- It's awfully loud over there.
- Ariana's mom saw
a text or something?
- Wait, wait, wait, Jax.
You guys.
Can we eavesdrop for a sec?
- "Yeah, it's his attitude,
and he's better than everything,
and I think it's rubbing off
on her the wrong way."
- You guys do.
I stand by everything I said.
I wasn't trying to
break up Tom and Ariana.
I was just being a good friend
by being honest.
If my best friend's mother
is concerned,
I'm not going to sugarcoat it.
His cocky attitude rubs off,
and you guys have this
we're-better-than-everyone
attitude.
- I do not have that.
- You do.
- It does come off
that way sometimes.
- Everyone thinks so.
- Yeah, but guess what?
Not everyone texted
f***ing Ariana's mom.
- She texted me first.
- And the fact
that you're that oblivious
as to how f***ed up that is?
- Get over it.
- I can't figure out
what her motivation is.
She can't admit
that what she did was wrong,
and I've never seen Scheana
do something as wrong as this.
What is the attitude?
Like, why are you so sassy
and rude to her?
- Because you both are trying
to, like, put words in my mouth.
- I just read your words.
- We just read
your text messages.
- Yes, that you're cocky.
I'm sorry.
Does the truth hurt?
- You've never had somebody
do this to you.
You've never had somebody text.
- I'm sorry.
- I've been here for you guys
so much.
I have f***ing moved mountains.
Can you guys say
the same f***ing thing?
- That was my feelings.
I'm going to stand by them.
The conversation's done,
so I'm either going to go to bed
or go anywhere other than here,
so I will see you guys tomorrow.
Again, I'm sorry.
Clearly, I hurt Tom.
However,
I still think he's cocky
and I'm not going
to take that back.
Sorry, not sorry.
- Oh, we got a storm-off.
We got a storm-off.
- Oh, no.
- I wanted to talk to her.
- Oh, but Ariana
is seriously like--
- Seriously what, Shay?
- I don't care about--
- What were you talking about?
- How am I supposed to
take these text messages?
f***ing read them.
You would f***ing flip the f***
out if you were in my shoes,
if somebody did that to you.
- I would never do that to you.
- I'm telling you, dude.
What is behind it?
- Obviously you can't--
oh, my God, dude,
this is f***ing stupid.
- Ken?
Just had a shower.
Perfect.
You just sit there.
You're not going to have any.
No, you can sit there.
No.
I wouldn't go to Hawaii
if I'd broken a nail,
let alone broken a tooth,
let's be honest.
- He's 23 years of age.
- Yeah, still a baby.
Should I call him?
- No, he'll feel like
he's being mothered
in front of all those people.
"It's your mother again.
She wants to know if you've
taken your antibiotics."
- Oh, shut up.
How can he say
I'm mothering him too much?
Ken is the most doting father
on the planet.
If you've seen Ken with Giggy,
you pretty much get the picture.
So he's not taking
his antibiotics?
- Is James there?
- James isn't any more
responsible than Max, really,
is he?
- You shouldn't be
spitting on girls--
- I did not spit
on any f***ing girls,
so don't f***ing tell me
that I am.
- Okay, stop it right now.
Stop it right now.
James is a little erratic
and unpredictable,
and I just don't want him
to influence Max.
If only Max was as easy as you,
Giggy.
- Should I wear these?
- Oh, God.
- Or should I wear these?
- You should burn both of them.
- Awake.
Hawaii's heaven.
Love it. Love it.
Feel that f***ing sunshine
on my face,
have some good drinks.
I'm going HAM.
I'm going hard
as a motherf***er.
I mean, dude,
it's kind of going to suck
if we don't get laid in Hawaii.
- My f***ing teeth hurt.
- So tired.
I fell asleep so fast.
The time difference kills me.
I got to tell you something.
- What?
- When you were sleeping, I, uh,
sort of set up
a little tripod out there
and took a naked picture
of myself on the balcony.
- Why would you take
a naked picture of yourself--
- I was trying to recreate
the Bieber picture.
- What Bieber picture?
- The one where he was
standing naked and pointing.
- Okay, I'm not obviously an
avid follower of Justin Bieber.
Oh, my God.
- I had to put some filters
'cause I was a little insecure.
- I own that ass, bitches.
I own that ass.
- Hey.
- Hi, good morning.
Where should I place this
for you?
- Dude, whoa.
Those are nice.
- They have my name on them.
Thank you.
- You guys have a good day.
- "Congrats, sweetie.
"Have a wonderful,
romantic time.
"Don't give him too much.
"Save something
for the honeymoon.
Love, Lisa and Ken."
Oh, my God.
- Yeah, that's why
we haven't been having sex,
because we're saving up
for the honeymoon.
Soon we're going to have
a wealth of sexual energy
to just splurge on each other.
Wait, that doesn't sound right.
- Oh, my God.
Do we, like, call her?
- Yeah, we probably should.
- Hello?
- Hi, Lisa, it's Katie and Tom.
- Hello, darling. How are you?
- Oh, we're fantastic.
We just got the most gorgeous
bouquet of flowers.
- They're fabulous.
- I've had a long time
to save up for them.
- Well, thank you so much.
- So, tell me honestly,
how's Max doing?
- He looks great
and he's in good spirits
and he's having a great time.
- I'm worried
about him drinking.
I'm worried
about him doing things
that he shouldn't be doing.
I'm worried about him
even kissing somebody
with all those teeth that are
almost falling out of his head.
Katie, will you
keep an eye on him?
- Of course.
Lisa as a mother is as tough
as she is as a boss,
so Max can't get away
with anything.
- Behave yourself, all of you.
Remember,
when you're all together,
it makes me nervous.
Make sure that you, you know,
don't get into any trouble.
Not Max.
- Of course.
All right, well, thank you.
We'll see you when we get back.
- Bye, Lisa.
- Thank you, bye-bye.
- I'm quite impressed, dude.
I usually have to work out
by myself on these vacations.
I didn't think you guys
would get up.
- It is too early.
After that conversation
I had last night,
I could barely sleep.
- I didn't even hear about that.
- Sandoval and I
kind of got into it.
He's been kind of
pissing me off lately.
- Is everything okay now, or no?
- No.
I haven't talked to him.
I'm just really glad I'm not
going to go on a three hour hike
with him today.
- On top of it all, I'm in
frickin' Hawaii with Lala?
- Oh, sh**.
Yeah, that's awkward.
- I just don't like
hearing about the flirting
and trying to kiss you
on your neck and all that.
- I never crossed the line
and I never took it too far.
I just didn't know
how to handle it.
- I just felt like
she has no respect for herself
or for other women,
and people like that
just disgust me.
- So are you going to
talk to her about that?
- Yeah.
Of course.
- When Brittany wasn't in L.A.,
it was okay to flirt.
I have a clean conscience.
I just hope that Lala's not
going to throw me under the bus.
- Well, I think I need
to talk to her alone at first
just to see what
she has to say about it.
- Coming up...
- I got to take a moment
to say I did see your boobs.
- All right, guys, let's go.
- Ow!
- When I researched Hawaii,
I found out hiking
is a really big thing.
Guys, this is the newest version
of Google Maps, so--
I need to get these guys
out of the bar and into nature.
- Why do you need a knife, man?
- That's Tom, you know.
He's all about accessories.
It's like he went and raided
Indiana Jones's closet.
- This would be a good picture.
- I want to get higher up.
- Guys, we're here.
- Whoa!
- Yeah!
- Oh, my God.
- Aah!
- Uh-oh.
- Ow!
- Three guys, three Speedos.
You are welcome.
- Yeah, man.
- Once upon a time, when we
would take trips like this,
it was for Stassi's birthday.
- Why are you here
for my f***ing birthday?
Jax, is this your birthday
or is it my birthday?
You're coming to
my birthday dinner,
and this is how you treated me.
- One thing you're
definitely not going to hear
come out of my mouth is,
"This is my birthday."
- This is my f***ing birthday.
- "Everybody shut the f*** up."
- Everyone shut the f*** up.
- I don't need any special
treatment for my birthday.
All right.
Say bye, guys.
Whoo!
Yeah.
Faith and Lala
take their top off
and then huddle
around each other.
It's weird.
- Let the titties out, man.
That's my motto in life.
It's always been that way.
It's going to be that way
when I'm 80.
It's just the way it is.
- I'm gonna look.
That's just who I am.
I don't think there's
anything wrong with it.
Now the trick is to look
without Brittany seeing me.
- Oh, I just love you.
- Boobs.
We love 'em,
but we've seen so many of 'em,
so we're not, like,
losing our sh** over here.
- I brought some good stuff.
I told Katie to come down
and meet us.
I hope you don't mind.
I'm not on my period anymore,
but I brought these
just in case.
Oh, sh**.
Pick it up.
If any of us
are going to be drinking,
we all have to be
extremely discreet
so we don't get
kicked off the beach.
Now you have to take that one.
- What the f***?
- Sand and all.
Toss it back.
I really just hope on this trip,
Shay can master moderation.
- Oh, my God.
- You can still do shots.
Just maybe do every other shot.
Maybe don't do three beer bongs.
Maybe do one.
- Hello.
- Hey, sister wife.
- What are you guys doing?
- Oh, hey.
- Can I join the party?
- Yeah.
- Since I'm already,
like, the third wheel.
Oh, Shay,
you brought your tampon.
I didn't know
you were on your period.
- Cheers to not hiking today.
- Yes.
- Yeah.
I might get burned,
but at least I'll be drunk,
because there's
no suntan lotion in this bottle.
It's all tequila.
- They're all sweating
their asses off right now.
- What if Sandoval got lost?
- This is not the right way.
I see poison ivy.
- Hold on, guys.
Hold on.
- Where do we go in at?
- The guide doesn't know
where to go.
- Relax.
There it is, right there.
- I got to take a moment
to say I did see your boobs.
I wasn't looking at 'em,
but I saw 'em.
- That's okay.
- I was looking
at this direction
and you came into
my plane of view.
- Yeah.
- Lala, I'm going
to ask you probably
the most awkward,
weird question ever.
- Do it.
Do it.
- Are your boobs real or not?
- No, they're fake.
- There's no reason to be
scandalized by Lala's boobs.
I mean, it's not like
they're real boobs.
Good job.
They look legit.
- Can I touch your knife, Tom?
- Yeah.
- I don't want to kill the vibe,
but what was going on
with you and Scheana?
- She basically
took it upon herself
to text my mom
all kinds of, like,
sh** talking about Tom,
saying he's all about himself,
puts himself first.
- What?
- Ariana's mom texted me
and said,
"In your opinion,
is she in a good place?"
I said, "Honestly, I think it's
all about Tom all the time.
"He has this attitude that
he's better than everything.
I think it's rubbing off
the wrong way."
- Okay, well-
- Which is--that--yeah.
It's not that bad.
Yeah, exactly.
- It's the truth.
- That--
- I'm sorry, the truth hurts.
- But he can be a little,
like, overly confident.
- She said, like,
"You are kind of like that.
"You are like, blah blah blah.
"Like, we do--everybody
thinks that about you, Tom.
Like, you do act like
you're out for yourself."
- Dude, you're not
out for yourself.
- Dude, I know, man.
- You're one of the most
generous friends I've ever had.
- Aww.
- Thanks, man.
- Especially in the bedroom.
- Aw.
- I think one of the beefs
they've had with you
is, like, they felt like
you've been kind of, like,
extra cynical
and reclusive lately.
You've been very snappy
in the past, like, few months.
- Oh.
Well, welcome to who I am.
If I don't like something,
I feel 100% comfortable
in voicing that.
- That's scary sometimes.
It's scary sometimes.
- Well, sorry.
Sorry.
People who--like,
both of us kind of thought
were our best friends
are just becoming more distant
or not friends anymore,
and it's like,
I just don't feel like
she's my best friend anymore.
Like, you totally are,
and like, I mean,
who would have f***ing thought,
like, we would be in this place?
- Keep your nose
out of other people's business.
- My nose is fine right here.
Thank you.
- Are you trying to be my
friend? It's f***ing bullsh**.
- I'm not trying to be
your friend.
- Scheana, shut the f*** up.
Honestly.
- I don't f***ing care
because it's my birthday,
and f*** you guys.
We've just gotten so close
and it's like,
I feel like we're both
such good friends
and we have each other's back
and we call each other out
and that's, like,
what a true friendship is.
I talk to Katie 24/7,
and we're both in relationships
but we still have
that time for each other.
Tom and Ariana put themselves
on this pedestal.
It's just them and then us.
I used to have that with her
and I don't have it anymore,
and, it does,
it makes me really f***ing sad,
but I'm like,
I can't beg for a friendship
that's just not
where it used to be.
- You guys want to head
back to the hotel?
- Yes.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- All right, guys.
- Come on.
- Has everybody got everything?
- Can I talk to you
for a second, girl?
- Yeah.
- Obviously, you know
that I've heard about
you coming up behind Jax
and, like, kissing on his neck,
and there's been
numerous occasions
where you're like,
overly flirty and--
- Yeah.
- You've just had no respect
for my relationship,
so what the f*** is going on?
- So it--I'm going to
defend myself real quick.
- Okay.
- And I think you can
vouch for this as well.
Have I crossed lines before?
Absolutely.
We have flirted before.
I apologize.
On my life, I promise.
- I'll give it to her,
she has been drunk.
I don't honestly think it's
going to say that's okay.
- As far as I was concerned,
he told me that you guys
weren't together.
- You knew that we
were all together.
How would you not know?
- I didn't know,
and I'm being honest.
You did tell me, like,
"We're not together.
She's not moving here."
- Would I call her
"girlfriend" yet?
No.
I don't know what's going on.
I don't think it's
anything anymore.
Brittany's not coming.
- We've been together
the whole time.
- I've never not said that
you and I are not dating.
I would never not say that.
- At first, I thought Jax
was just leaving out details.
Now I know that Jax
is just a f***ing liar.
- Coming up...
- Tom's not cocky.
- That's a Tom Schwartz
interpretation.
- Don't say it's a Tom Schwartz
- I feel like, stop trying to
put me in my place about sh**.
- Katie.
Don't do that.
I would never not say that.
- Obviously you guys
are together.
I respect relationships.
- Yeah.
- And this is your man.
Trust me, I mean,
I would be pissed off too.
In fact, I'm--I admire the fact
that you're like,
"Can I talk to you real quick,"
'cause I would have hit a bitch.
I could tell Brittany
a lot of things
that she doesn't want to hear,
but right now, I don't see
the point in doing that.
- Listen, it is what it is.
Just squash it.
It's over.
Everyone's friends again.
One of the main things
I love about Brittany
is she doesn't hold grudges
and she's not about the drama,
but I feel like
I dodged a bullet with that one.
- ♪ You're so bad ♪
♪ He wants you bad ♪
♪ Oooh ♪
♪ Love overdose ♪
- Cheers, bruv.
Hawaii living.
- Cheers, mate.
- Yeah, mate.
Ooh, yeah, mate.
Hey, Max.
- Yeah.
- Are you really meant to be
drinking alcohol right now, Max?
- Uh, not really, no.
- At first, I wasn't going
to allow Max to drink,
but then I realized alcohol
disinfects his mouth,
so that's helping.
What's the situation
with Faith and Lala right now?
- I'm not sure.
- Lala is so f***ing hot, man.
She drives me crazy.
She looks, like,
classy and, like, sexy.
- Just have fun with it, man.
It's all good.
- I will, I will.
Why do I like
the bad girls, bruv?
Faith, on the other hand,
has got, like,
her complete devoted attention
to you.
The goal is to get them
both in bed tonight, bruv.
- Yeah.
- It's happening.
It's going down.
Max is pulling one for the team
even if he doesn't want to.
- Hey, Mom.
- Hi, darling.
Is everything okay?
- Everything's great.
- Yeah, of course I'm behaving.
- I'll be okay.
Don't worry.
- Hi, how are you, Lisa?
- No, not at all, actually.
- Bye, Mom, I love you.
- Thank you, Lisa.
- Bye.
- Nice to see you.
I love your mom, dude.
She loves you so much.
She just cares about you
so much.
She's the best.
- I know.
- Hi, loves.
- Hey.
You all right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Can I sit next to you, bruv?
- Tell me how exciting going
through the jungle with Jax was.
- I got pulled aside
by Brittany.
- Oh, yeah?
- To talk about some sh**
with Jax or whatever.
I took ownership for my part,
but she needs to know
that he played a part
in whatever happened as well.
So that needs to happen tonight.
Like, today I let it slide.
Tonight is a different story.
- What's going on, bubba?
Hi.
- Hi.
- What are you doing?
- I was just at the beach.
- What?
- You know.
I was with Scheana and Shay,
you know.
- How's that third wheel action?
- It was great.
- The waterfall, like,
it wasn't nearly as romantic as
we thought it was going to be.
- Was it a big waterfall?
- No, it was like--
- What?
- It was like
a pretty small pool.
Like, I swear the pool was like,
as big as two of these rooms.
Everyone was cool, but I did see
Lala's and Faith's boobs.
But I didn't look at them.
I just happened
to be looking around
and then all of a sudden
they were topless today.
I'm trying to nip this
in the bud,
and all Katie's hearing
is "nipple."
I didn't look at them.
It's like this.
If you're just turning around,
oh, there's boobs there.
I kept turning.
I didn't, like,
stop and ogle them.
- Why would they go topless?
- I don't know.
We were all wondering that
ourselves.
- But this is why Lala and I
will never be friends,
because she leads
with her sexuality.
It makes me feel,
like, a little icky.
- She's a sexual being.
- Lala just takes her top off?
Have some respect for someone
that's newly engaged.
Why the f*** were her boobs out?
- I just heard kind of about
what happened with Scheana
in the text, though, that
Scheana sent to Ariana's mom.
They were way out of line.
- I don't think so.
- Yes, they were.
- You think it's out of line?
Like--
- I thought they were
a little out of line.
- How?
Why is that out of line?
- 'Cause, 'cause they weren't
just constructive.
They were crossing lines saying
that Tom's only out for himself.
Come on.
- That's a Tom Schwartz
interpretation of things--
- No, no, no, Tom Schwartz
is reasonable and diplomatic.
Don't say it's
a Tom Schwartz interpretation.
- I feel like
sometimes he'll be--
- It's a Katie Maloney
interpretation.
- She said,
"I feel like sometimes
he can only be out for himself."
That's what she said.
- Tom's not cocky.
He's not.
- He can be cocky sometimes.
- He's not cocky.
- Are we really going to
drag this out over one thing
that she said about him
being cocky?
Who cares?
- I'm not dragging it out.
We're just talking, me and you.
- So stop trying to put me
in my place about sh**.
- Shhhh.
Katie.
Don't do that.
You're not presenting
the whole story.
I'm just trying to see
both sides.
- I see both sides.
You don't support me.
- I don't support you?
Come on.
Don't be ridiculous.
Of course I support you.
- I know, but you're not--
- Watch this.
- Okay, I have to get ready.
- What?
- I do.
I want to take a shower.
Got to get ready
for the tiki bar.
- Can I come?
- No.
- I can serenade you,
then have sex with you.
- That, like, ruins it.
- It's day two
of our trip to Hawaii
and still haven't had sex.
I thought flying to Hawaii,
we were getting closer to it,
but now, uh, it feels like
it's just slowly slipping away.
- Geez, get the f***
out of here.
- Coming up...
- That night where we were
at Lock and Key--
- Mm-hmm.
- He was telling me
he was going to f*** me.
- I love places like this.
- I feel like
I'm in Cabo, right?
- Whoa.
- Wow.
- Guys, cheers, everyone.
Pleasure having you guys
all here.
- Happy birthday, dude.
- Happy birthday.
- We had a great day.
- We saw boobs.
- Yeah, I'm not happy
about that.
- I was like,
"I got something in my eye."
Every guy is a master at looking
at women without getting caught.
That's why they
invented sunglasses.
- I heard a little bit
about the waterfall.
You guys were,
like, going topless.
- Are you upset about it?
- I just am curious why
that was, like, appropriate.
- I encourage every woman
to go topless.
I just don't like
wearing clothes.
They should be thankful
I keep my bottoms on.
- I just think, like, in
the company of, like, my fiancé,
I just found it
to be inappropriate.
- I completely understand
why Katie's upset.
You don't do something like that
in front of other
girls' boyfriends.
But at the same time,
this is the girl
who does God knows what
to get herself onto a yacht
in Italy,
so why are you surprised
she went topless in Hawaii?
- It's not like I'm shoving
my nipple in someone's mouth.
Your man is interested in you.
You're interested in him.
What's the problem?
- You feel like I always have
an issue with you.
Well, it's not going to
get much better
if you're taking your top off
in front of my fiancé.
- Ariana, can I ask you,
did you have a problem with me
taking my top off today?
- No, you guys were under the
water and you were, like--
- Thank you.
- I mean, the f***ing guys
were in Speedos,
for God's sakes.
- I know.
How the f*** is that okay?
It's not like I'm showing
my pussy to everybody.
- Um, what?
- I f***ing can't win.
What she's really trying to say
is "I don't trust my man."
I can suggest something.
Have sex with him sometimes, and
not just laying on your back.
Do something fun.
Hey, does everybody
have a drink?
Are we good?
- Yeah.
- Drink.
Cheers to Free the Nipples.
- Hey, let's just cheers
to f***ing having fun, man.
- Yeah.
- Can I cheers you, babe?
Cheers the nipple.
Free the nipple.
- Free the nipple, babe.
- Me and Scheana had sex today.
It was awesome.
- Like the make love kind
or the f*** kind?
- Oh, it was the f*** kind.
- We haven't had sex yet
since we've been here.
- Seriously? We did it
before you guys did it?
I've been trying.
- We're married.
- She's been trying.
- That's when you kind of
really knows
that he cares about this one,
because he's turning down sex.
- I've never in my life
turned down sex.
- I don't know if that makes me
feel safer or not.
- I'm--you know, I'm all in.
I'm all in on this one.
I barely even drink,
to be honest.
I have nothing to hide.
- Even though everyone tells me
I shouldn't, I trust him
since, you know, he hasn't
done anything to me so far
so why wouldn't I?
- Until I break that trust,
there's no reason not to.
- Yeah.
Exactly.
- Jax is a very smooth talker,
and Brittany is a sweet girl
from Kentucky.
I think that she deserves
to know the truth
about what Jax has said to me.
- Yeah.
Um, earlier today,
when you and I had a
conversation at the waterfall,
I was really hoping
that he would man up
when I was talking to you
and take his part.
That night, where we were
at Lock and Key...
- Mm-hmm.
- I did not think you guys
were together,
and I definitely flirted back,
but he played a part
in it as well.
- Wonder what bullsh**
Lala's feeding Brittany.
- He was telling me
he was going to f*** me.
- So wait, he was telling you
he was going to f*** you?
- Yeah.
You know, like whispering
in my ear,
"Don't worry.
I'm going to f*** you."
- Jax, Goddamn you.
- So he's just, like, bending
over and whispering that--
I mean, I'm just confused
right now 'cause he was like,
"I didn't do anything.
It's fine.
I wouldn't do anything."
- He absolutely said that to me.
Like, obviously,
I was flirtatious,
but the fact that he pretends
like I'm the one that's been,
like, chasing him
and doing all that?
- Yeah.
- That's not the case.
- You said that you didn't know
that we were together.
- I didn't know that you
were together at all.
- Well, even whenever I met you,
I was with Jax.
- But why are we
talking about--why?
This has nothing to do
with that.
- But you told me
you respect relationships.
- I do.
There is a huge diff--
- So how is that
respecting relationships?
- Are you really going
to turn this on me
when your man
has done--like, really?
- Do you not see it
from my point of view?
I'm replaying it in my head
and I was like,
"What the f***," you know?
- Have I flirted with him?
- No, you have been fine.
- So what's the problem?
I'm just so confused
by everybody being
in this head space
where, like,
they're not confident enough
to have their man
around other women--
- It's not that I'm
not confident enough,
'cause I definitely am,
and I think that Jax is not
going to do anything stupid.
I know he loves me.
I know he's crazy about me.
But at the same time,
don't do that sh**.
- Talk is cheap, Honey Boo Boo.
- Okay, okay.
Don't call me Honey Boo Boo.
- I'm so sick of,
like, defending myself.
I'm sitting here
telling you the truth,
and he sits there and pretends
like he had no part in it.
I'm not going down
with the ship anymore.
This is bullsh**.
- If he's telling me that
it's not true and everything,
he hasn't done anything to me
where I feel like
I couldn't trust him.
- Brittany is in
f***ing denial.
Jax is not a good dude,
and I hope that she will
figure it out sooner or later.
- All right.
I'm going to go talk to Jax now.
- Come talk to me somewhere.
- Ugh.
- I'm like, annoyed.
- How did that go?
- So, she basically was saying
that whenever you guys
were at Lock and Key,
you were saying, "Don't worry,
I'm going to f*** you."
- I said, "Don't worry,
I'm going to f*** you"?
- That's what she said.
So you didn't say that?
- No.
I was with Scheana and Kristen.
- Why would she say that?
Why--
- She was drunk.
She's trying to protect herself.
She's been thrown
to the wolves right now.
I'm not gonna get
that mad about it
because I didn't say it,
so I'm not--I'd be going crazy,
like, uh, if I was trying
to be, like, hide something.
But that's just--that's irate.
That's stupid.
- Let's call her over here then.
Lala.
- What's up?
- He said he didn't say it.
- Jax--
- I didn't say anything.
- Yes, you did.
- No--I was with Kristen
and Scheana the whole time.
- And you were
with me, whisper--
- All right, you can believe
that all you want.
She was piss drunk.
- Own up to the sh**
you said in my ear.
- I never said anything.
- You said, "I promise,
I'm going to f*** you."
- No, I never said that.
- Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
- I never said that.
- Look me dead
in my f***ing eyes.
- I never said that.
- You're a good liar
'cause you did say that.
- Did I say some things
I probably shouldn't have?
Mm, I maybe danced
on that line a little bit,
but Brittany doesn't need
to know all the details.
What she needs to know
is I'm with her
and I want to be with her,
and that's it.
I never said that.
- Yes, you did!
- What the f*** is going on?
- She told me that when you guys
were at Lock and Key,
Jax was whispering
in her ear saying, like,
"Don't worry,
I'm going to f*** you."
- I didn't see the whispering.
I saw him kind of squirming
in his seat.
I really like Brittany,
and I don't want to be the one
to completely ruin
the relationship
so I'm going to cover for him.
- Hello? I've been honest.
Be honest.
- I am being honest.
- You're not.
You told me you would f*** me.
You said it to me.
"Don't worry,
I'm going to f*** you."
- Clearly, I didn't hear
that part.
- Right, but you did
say it, Jax.
- I did not say that.
- I'm done.
Brittany, all I know is I've
told you nothing but the truth
and whatever happens with you,
like, I don't care.
I'm over it.
This is, like, bullsh**.
After an entire night and day
of being ganged up on,
the only thing that I want
is to be left alone.
I've been nothing
but honest with people.
I'm over it.
I'm done.
- Next time on
"Vanderpump Rules"...
- Come on.
- Lala.
You're missing your bottoms.
You're hot as f***, but you
make people uncomfortable.
- Get the f*** over it.
- If you would have told me
Katie's going to get engaged
to Tom Schwartz,
and we aren't going
to be there...
- It's sad.
- She's still that
little f***ing bitch.
- I'm taking this.
- No.
- There's a felony charge
that's still
under investigation.
- Boom, he's in jail.
- Who's going to post the bail?
- To see more of "Vanderpump
Rules," go to bravotv.com.